[Docs] Init Bootstrap admin ui getting started (#131)
Sylius/Stack: docs/bootstrap-admin-ui/getting-started.md

# Getting started

This package configures content of the [AdminUi package](../admin-ui/getting-started.md) templates.

## Installation

Install the package using Composer and Symfony Flex:

```bash
composer require sylius/bootstrap-admin-ui
```

## Configuring the CRUD templates

Content of CRUD templates is split into configurable blocks.

You are able to add new blocks, disable existing ones, or reorder them using the [TwigExtra package](../twig-extra/getting-started.md).

### Create

> This package configures content of the template to add a new resource item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package configures content of the template to create a new resource.
```

This adds configurable blocks into the `@SyliusAdminUi/crud/create.html.twig` template.

**Overview of the blocks**

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    Template(Create template) --> Hook{Hook 'create'}

    Hook --> Sidebar([Sidebar])
    Hook --> Navbar([Navbar])
    Hook --> Content([Content])
    
    Content --> HookContent{Hook 'content'}

    HookContent --> Flashes([Flashes])
    HookContent --> Header([Header])
    HookContent --> FormErrorAlert([Form Error Alert])
    HookContent --> Form([Form])
```

**Overview of the block templates**

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    Template(@SyliusAdminUi/crud/create.html.twig) --> Hook{Hook 'create'}

    Hook --> Sidebar([@SyliusBootstrapAdminUi/shared/crud/common/sidebar.html.twig])
    Hook --> Navbar([@SyliusBootstrapAdminUi/shared/crud/common/navbar.html.twig])
    Hook --> Content([@SyliusBootstrapAdminUi/shared/crud/common/content.html.twig])
```

### Index

> This package configures content of the template to list resource items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package configures content of the template to list resources.
```

This adds configurable blocks into the `@SyliusAdminUi/crud/index.html.twig` template.

**Overview of the blocks**

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    Template(Index template) --> Hook{Hook 'index'}

    Hook --> Sidebar([Sidebar])
    Hook --> Navbar([Navbar])
    Hook --> Content([Content])
    
    Content --> HookContent{Hook 'content'}

    HookContent --> Flashes([Flashes])
    HookContent --> Header([Header])
    HookContent --> Grid([Grid])
```

### Show

> This package configures content of the template to show details resource item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package configures content of the template to show resource details.
```
